docs(typescript-restrictions): clarify non-jsii deps (#3995)
aws/jsii: gh-pages/content/user-guides/lib-author/typescript-restrictions.md

`package.json` file. Since most other platforms do not support multiple different versions of the same library to
coexist in the same closure, it is recommended to also declare all such dependencies as `peerDependencies`.

### non-jsii dependencies

Occasionally, a dependency on a *non-jsii module* is useful. Since such dependencies do not have generated bindings in
all the supported languages, they must be bundled with the *jsii module* that depends on them, by adding the library
into the `bundleDependencies` array in `package.json`. 

> The API of the *jsii module* can not expose any type from bundled dependencies, since those types would not be available in other languages. Typescript files that include a non-jsii dependency (Eg. a lambda handler for a CDK Construct) must be excluded in the tsconfig.

Reviewer: They don't have to be excluded from `tsconfig` (and if you wanted to, you'd have to do the exclusion via the `jsii` stanza in `package.json`).

What you can't do is export them from the `main`/`types` entry point.

This is pretty difficult to articulate correctly & completely without being even more confusing... So I'm super thankful for your proposing to improve there!

> into the `bundleDependencies` array in `package.json`. 
> 
> The API of the *jsii module* can not expose any type from bundled dependencies, since those types would not be available in other languages. Typescript files that include a non-jsii dependency (Eg. a lambda handler for a CDK Construct) must be excluded in the tsconfig.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
into the `bundleDependencies` array in `package.json`. 

The API of the *jsii module* can not expose any type from bundled dependencies, since those types would not be available in other languages.
TypeScript files that include a non-jsii dependency (e.g. a lambda handler for an AWS CDK Construct) cannot be exported from the `main`/`types` entry point.
```
